.. image:: https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-tab/actions/workflows/checks.yaml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-tab/actions

================================
 oneAPI Community Forum
================================

The oneAPI Community Forum exists to define a standards-based, 
cross-architecture open specification for accelerated computing and 
to foster the open-source implementations of the specification.

More information can be found at `oneapi.com <https://oneapi.io>`__.

This repository hosts notes and presentation materials from the
oneAPI Community Forum meetings.  The meetings are open and comprised 
of industry experts that help guide the oneAPI specification.  

The policies and governance processes are also available on this repo.

The community is invited to join the meetings, review
the `oneAPI Specification <https://spec.oneapi.com>`__, and read the 
information in this repo. Contributions can be made by joining the 
Special Interest Groups (SIGs) or by posting comments or questions as
GitHub issues. General questions can go to this repo and issues
specific to parts of the specification can go to the `Specification 
repo <https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneapi-spec>`__.

To be notified of new meeting notes, become a watcher of this repo. If
you have a question about how to join the SIGs, email 
`oneapi@codeplay.com <mailto:oneapi@codeplay.com>`__.

Find out about the `oneAPI Community Forum governance <organization>`__ 
to understand the organization and processes.

oneAPI Community Forum Special Interest Groups (SIGs)
-----------------------------------------------------

SIGs host regular meetings to organize community proposals and 
contributions to the oneAPI specification. They also act as a bridge 
between the community and developers working on implementations of 
the oneAPI specification.

* `Language <tab-dpcpp-onedpl>`__ - This group covers topics related to language implementations that integrate with the oneAPI specification.

* `Math <tab-onemkl>`__ - This groups covers topics related to math operations. 

* `AI <tab-ai>`__ - This group covers topics related to AI operations.

* `Hardware <tab-level-zero>`__ - This group covers topics related to the integration of hardware and how this is defined in the oneAPI specification.

Upcoming oneAPI Community Forum Meetings
----------------------------------------

+--------------------------------------------+------------------+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
| Date                                       | Meeting Type     | Location          | How to join                                           |
+============================================+==================+===================+=======================================================+
| November 3rd 2022, 9am US Central Time     | Hardware SIG     | Virtual           | `Contact <https://www.oneapi.io/community/>`__        |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
| November 14th 2022, 5:30pm US Central Time | SC22 Meetup      | Fairmont Dallas   | `Contact <https://www.oneapi.io/community/>`__        |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
| November 23rd 2022, 10am US Central Time   | Math SIG         | Virtual           | `RSVP Form <https://forms.office.com/r/sQdM4unYSP>`__ |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
| December 14th 2022, 9am US Central Time    | Annual Meeting   | Virtual           | `Contact <https://www.oneapi.io/community/>`__        |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+

Find the minutes for prior meetings in the appropriate SIG section of this repository.